refactor(datatype): deprecate datetime (#2053)
faker-js/faker: docs/guide/upgrading.md

The method `faker.datatype.array` has been deprecated and will be removed in v9.
If you need an array of useful values, you are better off creating your own one using `faker.helpers.multiple`.

> ### `faker.datatype.datetime` moved to `faker.date.between`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `faker.datatype.datetime` deprecated in favor of `faker.date.between`
```
